Subject: * * * * american millionaire reveals his secret source of wealth on the internet ! ! !
hello ! :
" dmm " : discount mortgage millionaire
program :
a special invitation to wealth ! ! !
help us contact home owners in your city and pocket
" $ 1000 " / deal , easy cash ! ! !
to :
this e - mail is addressed to all people who have tried different internet
programs and failed , who are tired of working hard , but getting nowhere ,
who are unemployed , and all those who have jobs but need extra income ,
and all those who are sick and tired of being sick and tired .
how it works :
we buy real estate notes and trust deeds . we also represent investors
who invest in them .
when you apply , you can help us contact home owners in your city and
on the internet .
all you do is call or e - mail them or send a simple but powerful letter and form to them to complete and return back to us .
if they have real estate notes or trust deeds , we ' ll either buy them or refer
them to our associates .
if the deal goes through , we pay you 10 % of whatever net amount we made .
for example , if we made $ 10 , 000 , you ' ll get 10 % = $ 1000 .
therefore if we do 10 deals in a month , you will take in an
easy 10 x $ 1000 = $ 10 , 000 ! ! !
rake in big cash without any hard work , or large investment or special training !
we ' ll give you all the resources needed to make the contacts , including
the sales letter , the e - mail letter , the forms , and the phone script !
the real estate market
one of the primary human needs is security . shelter . home . house .
wherever you go , there are homes , houses and buildings !
therefore real estate market is huge ! more than $ 500 billion
in usa alone ! ! !
that is why opportunities to create vast wealth is always available ! ! !
you may have heard that more than 56 % of millionaires in usa
( and probably in other countries also ) created their wealth through
real estate investments !
well , that is half the truth !
you must know millionaires " jealously guarded
real estate secrets , before you may succeed " ! ! !
the way to create vast wealth in real estate is not by buying real
estate and holding it until it appreciates in value , then you sell it .
that is the hard way . you ' ll be bogged down by cash flow crunch
and all the hassles with tenants and maintenance .
that is what the majority of real estate investors do .
it is not fun , and it can frustrate and wear you thin !
discover the " millionaires ' secret " of
creating vast wealth through
real estate investments 